# Hydra
Hydra is a multi-player card game that involves strategies of cards counting and swapping.  Each player will be given 54 cards from a deck of shuffled cards.  The game starts with one head, which is the first card from the first player’s draw pile, and more heads are added as the game continues.  Players will try to draw a card from their draw pile to place it on each of the heads during their turn, and they are allowed to do so as long as the value of the card they draw is less than the top card in the head pile.  They are allowed to put one card down in the “reserve” or swap the card with the one in the reserve during a turn.  The reserve card must be used later in the turn or go back to the draw pile if the player has to “cut” a head, which will be explained later.  A player’s turn will end either because the card they place on one of the heads has a value equal to the top card of the head, or because all the top cards of the heads have values less than the card they draw.  A head is “cut” to that player in the latter case, where they take all the cards from the oldest head pile and place it in their discard pile, which will be shuffled into their draw pile once their draw pile runs out.  The game continues until one player has no card in their draw pile, reserve and discard pile, in which case the player wins.

The implementation of Hydra will consist of the interface and the game board update and initializing functions.  The interface will be the main.cc file where prompts are output to players via stdout and input are taken in via stdin or a file stream, which will then taken as parameters to invoke the game functions to initialize a game board or to update the game board, if the game has already started.
